UI Kit versus custom

Columns
-----
Problem: For large displays, content takes advantage of horizontal
space by using columns.

UI Kit: Using the uk-grid and uk-card classes, you can separate content
cleanly. There is an additional class that equalizes heights.

Custom: Displays like grid, flexbox or floats are used to horizontally split
content. Usually JavaScript is used to ensure columns have the same height.

Which is better: UI Kit is much easier to understand.




Styling HTML elements
-----
Problem: Change the styling of elements like h1, span and li.

UI Kit: Has a lot of default stylings you need to override to get the
desired effect.

Custom: Basic CSS can identify and style elements without trouble.

Which is better: Custom styling works better when you have a handful of
elements to change.




Smooth Scrolling and Navigation
-----
Problem: Smooth transitions on large pages helps users keep track of where
they moved.

UI Kit: uk-scroll lets the page scroll between over time.

Custom: You'll need to add custom scrolling, usually with JavaScript.

Which is better: UI Kit's is very easy to set up and use, but the custom
Javascript implementation is pretty simple.




Browser Compatibility
-----
Problem: People will visit web pages with different brands and versions
of web browsers. IE7 is still used in important government institutions,
for example.

UI Kit: As UI Kit releases new versions, older browsers will be incompatible.
UI Kit only supports IE11 and later, which limits its audience.

Custom: Polyfills and CSS2 are still available.

Which is better: Depends on your audience. If you can guarantee your
audience will use the latest browsers, UI Kit will guarantee a good looking
webpage.



Resource requirements
-----
Problem: The more JavaScript packages required to use the page features,
the longer the page gets to load.

UI Kit: At around 125 kb, UI Kit is relatively small for what you have.

Custom: You can include exactly what you need.

Which is better: If you utilize most of UI Kit's features the file size
is reasonable.
